#summary Quick description of applications found in the trunk

See the help information for individual applications or the documentation pages for more complete descriptions of the various applications.  This is meant solely as a quick reference.  

= Vehicle Drivers =

*kayak_interface* - Interface for communicating with the Arduino on the first kayak hull.  Listens for thrust and rudder commands, reports status and gps information.  

*iOS5000_filtered* - A slightly modified version of the iOS5000 driver provided by moos-ivp-anrp that adds a first order low-pass filter.  

*simple_gps* - Connects to a gps unit via serial and parses GPRMC sentences.  

*iacomms_driver* - Handles communication with the micromodem using the Goby modem driver as a base.  

= Libraries = 

*lib_acomms_message* - Collection of message types containing acomms data.  Most classes include serialization methods.  

= Post-run Data Handling =

*simple_acomms_parser* - A simple application designed to be tailored by individual users to suit their needs.  Creates a synchronous log file from a single alog file.  Copy this to your own tree before making modifications.  

*acomms_alog_parser* (in development) - A more complex parser that synchronizes alog files across multiple vehicles and builds a complete report of acoustic communication activity.  Standard outputting is implemented independently of the parsing.  

= Miscellaneous =

*lib_behaviors-test* - sample behaviors provided included with moos-ivp-extend

*testing-app* - an open workspace for testing things.  This will soon be removed from the trunk, but you can make your own versions separately.  